New workspace rule - rename feedback files like this one.  when running process feedback skill the first step should be renaming the file using the short commit SHA of the last commit!


status lines
- Streaming: Idle | OBS: Idle  
- Streaming: Marvel Rivals | OBS: Live
remove the OBS one = these 2 duplicate! essentially duplicating same info, one implies the other , simplify!


High priority = Fix logging issues , as terminal is the UI/UX atm, could maybe batch with Logging overhaul in Ideas, every line should start with the same kind of prefix
[2026-04-24 09:21:36,708] = something like this would work well
currently there are a few different types of logs, ugly, timestamp left side should be all same 
ensure log files and terminal output are 1:1 equivalent!  new principle, might be existing
occasionally we want to hide very debug level in log only but in this case i think can be 1:1

Tested MVP, working well , Verify game-per-VOD in live session TEST COMPLETED (update ideas+history), check logs to double-check


"OBS window string double space cleanup - config has Marvel Rivals :UnrealWindow:... (double space). Confirm the correct string from the OBS Game Capture dropdown and clean up. Low risk." the program seems to work despite this, its weird

prioritise Auto-relaunch Steam if closed  


New feature =Windows Terminal is configured to open on left screen maximised.  For just this program i want it to open on right screen by default, maximised, is this possible?

"SABnzbd must resume on game stop or program stop" this feature is already implemented

"Handle OBS closing while running " all relevant program status should be monitored and handled accordingly, MANY possibilities to handle here, needs thought, many combinations 

promote to med priority = LOW: Auto-start with Windows (Task Scheduler entry)., LOW: Windows toast notification for unknown game detected.

Get claude to brainstorm ideas for imprvint this program = as an IDea , put in separate session

Idea for /dev-session = Store last three repos that skill has been used on in skill itself, dev session often used on same repo in a row. could save a read/tokens on first step

Dev session should check repo for feedback file and stop if detected and suggest running process feedback !
can grep last 10 commits for "feedback" to get quickly ,  then fallabck to full repo search. make sure skills are token efficient!

New feature = when streampilot closes, OBS should be closed with it !

other feature ideas: 

Dynamic taskbar icon so i can alt tab, tick or cross. tick means all good, in task bar can easily se stauts While being alttabbed
Swich to discord often but can see in taskbar but still want to know status is ok. hopefully this is possible, i think ive seen programs in windows change icons dynamically 

more frequenct status update, every 3s - more frequent terminal printing , or maybe separate termnal shoudl open up that updates every 2s and clears terminal each time.  need feeling of more "live"  something constantly changing, needs more thought but 3 or 5 update interval will help. 

Chekc audio settings as well, check more oBS settings . can verify that game being streamed is in "Application Audiop output capture" list and correctly configured,  could be checked or set similar to game capture, maybe 

configure sabmzbns pausing for offline games, dont need sab changing. In Config, you can specify that a game SHOULDNT affect sab. only multiplayer games should affect sab , offline games have sab running.  not playing any offline atm but future idea. lower priority. 